Add documentation on PostgreSQL read scalability (#3722)
openbao/openbao: website/content/docs/concepts/ha.mdx

implementing the
[`physical.HABackend`](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/openbao/openbao/sdk/physical#HABackend)
interface for the storage backend.

## Horizontal scalability

Since OpenBao v2.5.0, the [Raft backend](../configuration/storage/raft.mdx)
has supported horizontal scalability for read requests. Any operation which

> does not result in a storage write will be handled on standby node. Support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
has supported horizontal scalability for read requests. Any operation which
does not result in a storage write can be handled by a standby node. Support
```
